Fix possibly misspelt word. (#1017)
StackStorm/st2docs: docs/source/actions.rst

To register a new action:

> 1. Place it into the correct location. (i.e under pack's action folder)

Reviewer: Thanks for the contribution!

The `content location` is correct wording in this situation, eg it means pack content.

Maybe we could clarify it a bit more: 
```suggestion
1. Place it into the pack content location.
```
